I operated under the assumption that I wouldn't be able to ssh into it, and decided that perhaps the code is out of date. I downloaded the currently deployed version from the environment (which is just that dockerrun file), and took a look at the docker images the environment was running. Discovered that there are two images the environment is running, the web and "mobile" image.
After our discussion and examining the swagger docs, I figured out that it looked like the "JessesApi" project was deployed under the "jesses-mobile" docker repository (very confusing naming :sweat_smile:). From there, I build the JessesApi docker image with my changes, pushed a tagged version of the image into the "jesses-mobile" repo, updated the dockerrun file to reference my latest tag for that image, and uploaded that dockerrun file as a new application version in elastic beanstalk. I should mention, I downloaded and re-used the existing privacy document before building my image.
The deployment actually didn't work the first time, I was missing an appsettings.json. To get this, I ran the existing docker images locally by doing something like docker run -it --entrypoint /bin/bash 344347147962.dkr.ecr.us-west-2.amazonaws.com/jesses-pizza-mobile:v1.1.11 That command overrides the entrypoint (starting the service) with a bash terminal, so I can look around inside the image. From there, I grabbed the contents of the appsettings document and saved it to my own appsettings.json. Re-built the image, gave it a new tag, updated the dockerrun file again, and redeployed. And viola, here we are
